DOCSP-23150 4.7 Release Notes (#332)
mongodb/docs-node: source/whats-new.txt

* :ref:`Version 3.7 <version-3.7>`
* :ref:`Version 3.6 <version-3.6>`

.. _version-4.7:

What's New in 4.7
-----------------

New features of the 4.7 {+driver-short+} release include:

> - Running ``MongoClient.connect()`` is now optional when connecting to your MongoDB instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The option to omit  ``MongoClient.connect()`` when connecting to your MongoDB instance
```

> - Use Zstandard compression when communicating with your MongoDB instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ability to  compress messages with the ``Zstandard`` compression algorithm
```

Also, link to this page since I made it for this release.

Author: Committed suggestion + added link

> - Add support for the ``maxConnecting`` connection option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for the ``maxConnecting`` connection option
```

> - Change stream documents now show your updated documents before and after MongoDB applied changes to them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ability for change stream documents to show your documents before and after an update
```

> - Added support for new change stream fields related to cluster to cluster replication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for new change stream fields for cluster replication
```

Author: I think "Cluster to Cluster Replication" is the product name (at least from what I could find in [internal docs](https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/DRIVERS-1975)). Is the name of the product is now "cluster replication"? If so, could you point me to some resources that document this change/use this name, I was not able to find any.

Reviewer: Ah I see, I didn't realize it was a product name since it was all lowercase before

> - The ``estimatedDocumentCount`` method now uses the ``count`` database command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The ``estimatedDocumentCount()`` method now uses the ``$count`` database command 
```
Suggestion: Link to the server page about count, or if we have a page here about how to use count/estimatedDocumentCount()

Author: Removed trailing space and adding suggestion

> - Deprecates the ``ResumeOptions`` interface

Reviewer: Issue: Looking at the format of deprecations in this docs set, I think this should be called out at the very top in an important admonition (like how it was called out in the 4.0 notes).

> - Improvements to connecting to MongoDB in the AWS Lambda Init phase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved connecting to MongoDB in the AWS Lambda Init phase
```

Bug fixes included in the 4.7 {+driver-short+} release include:

- Fixes related to change stream resumability in the driver
- BSON options are now respected when creating change streams
- Improves the return type of the ``withTransaction()`` method

> - Ensure the driver always uses the Node.js timers API 

Reviewer: Issue: We don't discuss bug fixes in this docs set -- I think adding it now would make it really inconsistent and would be more than okay to omit

Author: Removing bug fixes
